The Guest Stay

Having onboarded a week ago The GM was nervous about AI however thought he would give it a shot, He names the AI "James" The AI conductor.

 The flow: PRE-STAY \- Guest enquiries, AI Upsells, Books through Nightsbridge, Guest pays to confirm booking, No payment handled By Orion Dev Core. "James" Suggests Itinerary and  asks guests what their interests are. Works in upselling hotel outlets before going off property, Good news, guests took the room upgrade because it was only R150 and you got a bottle of sparkling wine on arrival. (Because Full payment was made before checking in all the guest had to do was take a picture of their ID, Face, finger print and sign. They checked in on their way to the hotel. James also offered directions using Google maps. 

 In-House guests AI knows that the guest checked in and arrives, offers the complimentary wi-fi code, organises the concierge to be ready with the trolley for the guest luggage, the Concierge greets the guest by name, shows the guests to their rooms and wishes them farewell. James, checked the weather, the Eskom loadingshedding schedule, suggested that the guests head to the pool bar before 16:00 as Load shedding was due, and you cannot be thirsty during load shedding, the POS went down, however the PWA and phone battery kept going. James made a tally of all the food and drinks that the guest had. Guests signed the chat screen to charge to their room account. When the guest arrived back at their room they noticed the light was out and they needed shower caps. James was on it like a flash (a 3.0 Flash) He created the ticket for HK and asked the guest to take a photo of the light that was out. 2 tickets created just like that. |

 The GM opened the dashboard, The overview shows 84% occupancy higher than usual, thinks to himself I wonder what changed, He looks at the ARR its gone up by 17% ... he looks a little closer, And goes through the ticket reporting, maintenance and HK are taking ownership and closing tickets with photo evidence, he smiles. Just as he was thinking how life was great, he received a message from James, Guest is not happy that she was refused service at the restaurant. The GM, furious now, rushes to find out what is going on. Thank goodness James was already mitigating the circumstances and that is why he called for human assistance. On the way to the restaurant James reported that the guest was having an affair with the waitress's husband, and that is why she refused to serve the guest, of course her colleagues would also refuse, as it is the right thing to do, in Zulu culture. The GM asked James to open the AI Complaint  response tool. And found 3 different responses that calmed the situation. Due to the HR policies being loaded to the dashboard during onboarding James was able to give accurate information with regards to the discipline SOP’s and with regards to disciplining the staff members. however wrong it felt.The guest was escorted to the pool bar and given a complimentary Mimosa for the inconvenience. Staff were told not to bring personal matters into the work place and should have called the duty manager to handle the situation instead of refusing point blank. James worked efficiently amongst the staff and guests, Always helpful, always friendly, 24/7 . The Guest was feeling restless, and asked James what she could do for fun?.... 2 seconds later James generated a Hotel branded pdf doc with all the exciting things to do. Loadshedding was behaving. And things were good. James set the alarm and the guest phone rang and vibrated for the morning wake up call., The guest was thankful, but slightly hung over. She looked at the Mini bar, she knew she was checking-out today and thought a "REG-Marker" would do the trick. She asked James if she could have a drink, and with absolute certainty James said why not have 2 and 1 for the road.( She was not driving) The guest happily obliged. James had the drinks added to the room account. And when it was time to check out and let the guest know of the total and all fees involved, he then presented the payment link for the Hotel Yoco and the guest paid with ease. |

 POST guest Having received a request for the guests account… James  informed HK that the guest departed, Arrivals were up again, and James knew that HK had to turn rooms fast. He also asked the guest how they enjoyed their stay. The guest actual message on Google Reviews: "James was a wonderful host, always friendly, helpful and seeing to my needs. I can't wait to go back next weekend\!\!\!"  \- Then it clicked in the GM’s head ARR up and Occupancy up, revenue all over the hotel was up, Staff focused more on helping the guests, all thanks to their new AI staff member 🙂 Nice story for you hehe 